# Le-story

Joris and the Dragon

 Once upon a time there was a small kingdom completely under the spell of a dragon.  Not just any dragon, no, a terrible monster that could breathe fire.  He lived in a stinking swamp, where he guarded large golden dragon eggs.
 The gigantic beast didn't harm anyone as long as he got enough to eat.  And he was picky.  He demanded that the king bring him two fresh sheep every day to eat.  So it was that every morning the king sent someone to the swamp to satisfy the dragon with a few sheep.  It had been this way for years and the king of the land thought: as long as the dragon eats sheep instead of people, we must not grumble.
 Unfortunately, one day the king's counselor ran in in panic.  "Your Majesty, Your Majesty!  I bring bad news!” “Sit down first,” said the king calmly, “and tell me what is the matter.” “Oh, Your Majesty, it is terrible!” cried the counselor excitedly.  “All the sheep are gone!” “All the sheep are gone?” the king repeated in astonishment.  "It is as I say, Your Majesty!  There are no sheep left in the whole country.  You know what that means.  The dragon will be furious if he doesn't get his daily share of sheep!” “Oh dear, what to do now?” said the king.  "In any case, we should go and tell him."
 And there went the brave king.  With an anxiously shivering counselor in tow, he marched into the woods, where a winding path finally brought them to the swampy swamp.  Through the wisps of mist they could faintly see the glint of a pair of golden eggs.
 On a small wooden bridge they came to a sudden halt when a horrific sound welcomed them.  "WRAAAAH!" roared the dragon, looming ahead of them from the mist.  "There we have the king himself!  Wrahaha!” He sprang forward and slammed his mighty tail into the water so hard that a tidal wave was created.  The high wave threw the king and his counselor to the ground.  There they lay, soaking wet, and the dragon laughed, "Wrahaha!  I am the ruler of the water!”
 The king was the first to get up, straighten his crown and wring out his beard.  “Hum, uh… very impressive indeed, dear dragon,” he said.  "I thought so too!" roared the dragon proudly.  “And I am also the ruler of the fire!” He acted upon the word, and the flames spewed several feet from his mouth.  WHOSH!  The wooden bridge was immediately ablaze.
 “Help!” cried the counselor, and in a panic he jumped into the water.  The fire quickly spread and the king too could barely jump off the bridge, otherwise he would have been burned for sure!  They stood waist-deep in the swampy pool and watched as the dragon extinguished the fire with a huge splash of water.
 “WRAHAHA!” he laughed.  'That was fun!  But what brings you here, dear king?' 'It's like this…,' the king began as calmly as possible, 'as you know, I have two sheep delivered to you every day.  But…' The king hesitated for a moment and took a deep breath.  Then he confessed, "The sheep are gone." "That's not so nice, king," said the dragon, "then I'll have to eat you and your friend!  Wrahaha!” The counselor hid behind the king, trembling with terror, but he said boldly, “You could, but who's going to see to it that you get food every day?” “Ah, king… I just made  a joke,' said the dragon in his sweetest tone, and the counselor immediately looked relieved.  “Old guys like you are way too tough anyway…but you know what?” The dragon suddenly looked very mean again.  “From now on, get me a young girl for breakfast every morning!  Wrahahaha!  Delicious!'
 The king and his counselor were shocked.  “A… a… young girl?!” the king stammered in astonishment.  “I can bring you fresh fish or delicious hams.  My cook can prepare a daily meal for you with spicy peppers and the finest fruit.” The king mentioned other tasty things to change the dragon's mind.  ‘No, little princess… a nice and tender girl she must be… one every day!  Or else something will swing!” the dragon roared savagely.  He turned and with a terrible swish of his tail, he hurled the two men out of the swamp.  Drenched and disheveled, they returned to the castle a little later.  "Gather the people," said the king.  “I have something very important to share.”
 Not much later there were hundreds of people in the courtyard of the castle.  The king spoke firmly to them: "My dear people!  Now that the dragon has eaten all our sheep, he wants nothing but one of our girls for breakfast every day.  That's why we'll have to sacrifice a girl every morning.  ’ There was a startled buzz.  "I understand how you feel and I sympathize with you," said the king in a softer voice, "but we all know what the dragon can do if we don't do as he says.  He will come out of his swamp and wreak havoc on our streets… he will set fire to our homes and flood our homes…’ The king paused and looked at his people.  Then he continued: "So while the dragon is alive, we must do what he asks of us.  Meanwhile I offer a thousand and one ducats for the one who defeats him.  Let's hope we get rid of the monster that way soon!”
 The counselor then placed a large chalice on the podium into which hundreds of notes were placed.  On it were the names of all the girls from all over the country.  The king shook up all the papers and said, “From now on I will draw one note every day.  The girl whose name I read will be sacrificed the next morning.” The king could hardly hold back his tears as he put his hand into the chalice.  But suddenly it sounded, "Stop!" There stood the king's daughter.  "You have forgotten me, father," said the princess in a low voice, and bravely tossed her own name among the other notes.  “M-m-but dear…,” the king stammered, although he immediately understood that there was no point in contradicting his daughter.
 The king had posters posted all over the country.  It said:

 Dragon Hunters, undaunted
 Listen what the king asks
 The brave who slays the dragon
 Receive a thousand and one ducat
 To every knight reading this:
 Go to war against the beast!?

 A terrible time came.  Every morning a girl was fed to the dragon.  In addition, the beast also devoured many young, strong men.  They had all tried to slay the dragon, but broke their swords on the hard dragon scales.
 The king grew sadder.  He didn't know what to do.  And one afternoon what he had feared for weeks happened: he pulled a note from the chalice and read the name of his own daughter.  With tears on his cheeks he turned to his people and sobbed, “Then is there none who can slay the dragon?” The king paused, and then said: “Not only do I give a thousand and one ducats to the knight who killed the dragon  but he will also be allowed to marry my daughter!” A wave of excitement passed through the crowd, and the king said, “Thus will he reign at last over our beautiful kingdom.”
 Then suddenly the gate swung open and a horseman rode into the courtyard.  He was a handsome young man with blond hair and blue eyes, but he did not look very tall and strong.  He got off his horse and turned to the king, “Your Majesty, give me weapons and I'll slay the dragon!” Everyone looked surprised, and the king asked, “Who may you be?” “I am Joris,” said the  boy.  "I come from a country far away.  I have come especially to fight the ruler of water and fire.” “But how do you intend to do that?” asked the king.  "That dragon is very strong and has already defeated many brave knights!" "You have to hit a dragon where it is vulnerable," replied Joris.  "I wish you good luck with that," said the king, but his face did not radiate much confidence.  'In our Tuyghuys there are armor and you will find shields and weapons.' 'Thank you,' replied Joris, 'you can count on me!'
 He then went to the Tuyghuys and took the smallest suit of armor.  It fit perfectly.  He then provided himself with a shield and a lance twice as long as himself.  Then he mounted his horse and went into the forest.  Towards evening Joris arrived at the misty swamp.  The dragon laughed terribly when he saw the frail knight.  "Wrahahaha!  It can't get any crazier!” And to reinforce his words, he slapped his tail on the water, turning the swamp into a swirling pool of water.  He opened his mouth and WHOESJ!  The flames set fire to two pine trees on the riverbank.  "And with whom do I have the honor?" asked the dragon.  Joris jumped from his horse and said: 'I am Joris, the one and only ruler of water and fire.' The dragon looked very surprised for a moment and then burst out laughing again: 'Wrahaha!  You… the ruler of water and fire?  Didn't you see what I just did?" "Of course I did," said Joris, "but that's child's play compared to what I've done." The dragon looked even more surprised and Joris continued: "I have the water of the ocean  set on fire!” “The waters of the ocean?!” roared the dragon.  "That's not possible!" "Well, that's possible," said Joris.
 “The whole sea is ablaze right now, see for yourself.  You can see it burning from here.” And then Joris pointed to the red evening sky above the trees.  The sun set that day so beautifully that it looked as if a huge fire was raging ahead.  The dragon was clearly upset.  "That can't be true," he muttered, and straightened to get a better look.  "I can see a red glow…" he said hesitantly.  'If you stretch a little further,' said Joris, 'then you can see the flames!'
 And the moment the dragon stretched all the way, Joris sprang forward and pierced the monster's heart with his lance.  A shock ran through the large dragon's body.  He stood stock-still for a moment, then plunged backwards into the swamp with a deafening roar.  The dragon's ghastly cry could be heard across the land, but it was short-lived.  He was dead.  The dragon hunter received a great reception.  Banners descended, trumpets sounded and cheers and Joris was honored on an honorary scaffold.  The king and princess stepped forward solemnly.  "Dear Joris," said the king, "you have kept your word and defeated the dragon.  We are eternally grateful to you and you have earned your reward.  A thousand and one ducats… and my daughter's hand.”
 Joris bowed and said, "Your Majesty, I'm sorry, but I will not marry your daughter.  My heart belongs to the one I love.” The king looked in amazement at George, who said: “Your Majesty, please distribute all the ducats among the people of your beautiful country.” Then there was a great cheer.  And before the king could say anything more, the people took Joris on their shoulders.  They threw it in the air and caught it again, they sang and they danced and everyone celebrated.  Later that night, Joris left the festivities unnoticed and set off on his horse.  No one ever saw him again, but everyone in the small country lived happily ever after
